[Music]
hey what's going on guys today i'll show
you a dark fantasy film
pan's labyrinth spoiler ahead watch out
and take care
the story is set in the second world war
of spain
the 10 years old ophelia lost her father
due to the war
she travels with her pregnant but sickly
mother to a military base
where they're going to reunite with the
captain the unborn baby's father
who is ophelia's new stepfather
on their way there philia happens to
find a stone eye
and places it back to a stone face where
it's supposed to be
the captain is in command of a fascist
army fighting against those republican
rebels hidden in the woods
he takes good care of the pregnant wife
born with his child
but turns to ignore ophelia a giant
stick insect which ophelia believes to
be a fairy
leads ophelia into an ancient stone
labyrinth
but she's stopped by the housekeeper
before she steps further inside
that night after a health check on the
mother the military doctor speaks to the
housekeepers secretly
it's revealed that they both secretly
support the rebels with intelligence and
supplies stolen from the army
while on the other side the soldiers
happened to detain a father
and his son who were suspicious of the
rebels
without further interrogation the
captain shoots them dead immediately
but later finds that they're just the
local farmers
in the middle of the night the stick
insect transforms into a ferry
and leads ophelia through the labyrinth
again where she encounters the goat man
the god of woods who believes ophelia is
actually the reincarnated princess of
the underworld kingdom
the princes sneaked into the human world
by accident and made mortal by the
sunlight
before she finally died in the human
world with all her memory erased
with reincarnated lives though she has
to suffer and die of illness over and
over again
as a mortal human being but the king of
the underworld kingdom believes that
one day his daughter would find her way
back
the goat man tries to prove further to
ophelia her identity as a princess
and shows her the only way to go back to
the underworld and acquire immortality
is to complete three tasks described in
a book he gives her
when back home ophelia checks the book
which then shows her the first task
retrieving a key from the belly of a
giant toad under the guidance
ophelia comes under a huge tree with a
giant toad living inside
after ophelia puts the magic stones into
its mouth
the toad spits out the key with sticky
pastes
at a dinner the captain swears to make
big progress in fighting the rebels
as a present to his newborn son
during their search for the rebels in
the woods the captain finds some
medicines left behind by the rebels
which raises his suspicion as the first
task is completed
goat man shows up again tells ophelia
the next step to complete the second one
that is retrieving a dagger from the
pale man a child eating monster
the goatman then gives her a magic chalk
and warns her not to touch anything
there
moments later ophelia checks the book
for any guidance
but only to find some bloody pages which
hints that her mother's condition is
worsening
she's so scared and can't find anybody
to help
her task is delayed this time due to the
accident
because of that the goat man shows up to
urge her before instructing her the way
to save her mother
by keeping a rude spirit under the
mother's bed in a bowl of milk
ophelia follows the way she's been told
the root spirit comes alive unbelievably
that way
presumably because of that her mother
seems to be relieved from her illness
accompanied by the fairy guides ophelia
comes to the labyrinth
and scratches the wall with the magic
chalk she then opens the gate to a
golden world
full of her favorite foods and shining
jewelry
while the horrible noah pale man just
stays still there
instructed by the fairies to open the
middle closet though
ophelia insists on opening the left one
but luckily
she gets the dagger moments later
despite the warnings from the fairies
she can't help but take two grapes from
the table hence awakening the pale man
from his deep sleep
with his two-pound eyes in place the
pale man devours the two fairies
immediately
and begins to chase after ophelia who
experiences a narrow escape out of the
devil place
before it's too late infuriated much by
ophelia's disobedience
the goat man refuses to deliver her the
third task
on the other side the captain happens to
find the mystery route hidden under the
bed
which she considers delusional the
mother turns to blame ophelia for her
obsession with the fairy tales
and throws the root into the fire the
rebels later launch an attack somewhere
outside the military base
trying to mislead the army it turns out
the captain and his army bite the bait
they search out for the rebels before
figuring out the trick soon
by the time he returns to the base only
to find that the rebels break in
and take away all the supplies the
captain bursts into anger
and chases after the insurgents in the
rain
they search aggressively and kill many
rebels but keep one alive for
interrogation
the doctor takes the mere chance to give
the poor man euthanasia
hoping to end his sufferings from the
torture
based on the same medicines used by the
doctor as those found in the rebels
the captain realizes that the doctor is
a rebel collaborator
he then shoots him dead the mother
immediately develops painful
contractions one night
she dies unfortunately giving birth to a
baby
at her funeral the captain however seems
to care only about the newborn baby
rather than his late wife on the
following day
suspicious of the housekeeper the
captain comes to check the key to the
warehouse
with her identity exposed the
housekeeper tries to run away with
ophelia
but to no avail the housekeeper is then
taken away for torture
however she takes the mere chance to
free herself
and stab injured the captain she then
flees into the woods
and under cover of the rebels gets rid
of searching soldiers
the goat man shows up before the
desperate ophelia
he changes his mind and gives her one
last chance to complete the third task
taking her baby brother to the labyrinth
ophelia later manages to drug down the
captain takes the baby out secretly
and comes all the way to the center of
the labyrinth
the goatman suggests she draw a small
amount of the baby's innocent blood
which is the key to complete the third
task and the key to the underworld
kingdom as well
but ophelia refuses to harm her innocent
brother as in exchange for her return to
the kingdom
a promising world meanwhile
the captain recovers to consciousness he
then follows the route up to the
labyrinth
where to his surprise he finds she's
talking to something he can't see
he takes the baby back from her arms
before shooting her without any
hesitation
the captain however gets surrounded by
the coming rebels
knowing that he'll be killed the captain
hands the baby to the rebels before
facing the end of his life
the housekeeper enters the labyrinth and
finds the dying ophelia
whose blood drops down to the center of
the staircase
ophelia well-dressed and uninjured
suddenly appears
in a golden throne room where she's told
she's past the final test
as she chooses to spill her own blood
rather than that of an innocent
back to the real world ophelia smiles as
she dies
peacefully in the housekeeper's arms
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out